btnRokuBack		roku    Back	Back
btnRokuUp		roku    Up	Up
btnRokuHome		roku    Home	Home
btnRokuLeft		roku    Left	Left
btnRokuOk		roku    Ok	Select
btnRokuRight		roku    Right	Right
btnRokuReplay		roku    Replay	InstantReplay
btnRokuDown		roku    Down	Down
btnRokuInfo		roku    Info	Lit_*
btnRokuRewind		roku    Rewind	Rewind
btnRokuPlay		roku    Play	Play
btnRokuFastForword	roku    FastFwd	Fwd
btnSound1		sound   Sound 1 1
btnSound2		sound   Sound 2	2
btnSound3		sound   Sound 3	3

btnMute			tv  Mute	0x20DF906F
btnARROWUP		tv  Up	0x20DFA25D
btnOK			tv  OK	0x20DF22DD
btnArrowDown		tv  Down	0x20DF629D
btnArrowLeft		tv  Left	0x20DFE21D
btnArrowRight		tv  Right	0x20DF12ED
btnPOWER		tv  Power	0x20DF10EF
btnVOLUP		tv  Volume Up	0x20DF40BF
btnVOLDOWN		tv  Volume Down	0x20DFC03F
btnINPUT		tv  Input	0x20DFF40B
btnCHANUP		tv  Channel Up	0x20DF00FF
btnCHANDOWN		tv  Channel Down	0x20DF807F
